not suprised you clicked on this. figured you wanna learn some things about luckii, probably put it on funkipedia or something?

well here it is, their entire bio pretty much:

Luckii is a 22 year old alien from an unknown distant planet. Their homeplanet had been enslaved by a much more powerful species, and thus
life on their planet became a living hell. Luckii loves engineering and robotics, and had been building a ship of their own since they were young. Strangely enough, their ship is actually modeled after a red Volkswagen Westfalia Camper, despite not having any knowledge of Earth and it's automobiles. They managed to escape the confines of their enslaved planet, and is now considered an interstellar refugee.

One day while traveling the endless void of deep space, they recieve a distress signal from Earth warning of a boy with blue hair with the ability
to rap the world into submission. Because Luckii is a god damn idiot, they immediately bolt towards the planet, with goodies promised to them of course.

So that's pretty much the relevant stuff, now for stupid facts.





STUPID FACTS (the facts involving other mod characters aren't canon unless the creators want them or wouldn't mind them being canon; these little tidbits are just for fun) :)))

Luckii has wings. You can see them in the really terrible old sprites. I forgot to draw them on the new ones, so the excuse there is just that they're just folded or something.

Luckii's favorite Earth food is Burgers, though they tend to eat almost anything and enjoy it. Their favorite dish from their travels is 'Beefy's Delight', and is a purple jelly substance with large chunks of green meat.

While they aren't usually intimidated by others due to their own ego, Luckii would be very nervous and flustered around Tabi.

On their way to Earth, Luckii had crashed into Xigmund's ship while sleeping, indirectly causing the events of Martian Mixtape. Speaking of Xigmund, Luckii is very fond of him and sees the Martian as a friend and role model, despite Xigmund thinking the exact opposite about Luckii. There's another Martian Mixtape character Luckii would admire, but no spoils for you stinkass >:(

Luckii really admires Carlos, one of the background dancers for Mommy Mearest. 

They tried to start a fight with Aldryx in a Walgreens because they thought he cut in line. Spoilers, nothing ended well, and thankfully their weren't any casualties (that we know of...)


